Republic Campaign Project (#6140)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/republic dump intro.txt

	source
		government "Republic"
	destination "Geminus"
	on fail
		dialog `You have failed an essential Navy mission. If you want to complete the story line, revert to the autosave or another earlier snapshot of the game.`
	to offer
		has "event: war begins"
		has "event: enlistment begins"
#		not "event: naval employment earned"
		has "enlistment announced: offered"
		not "chosen sides"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Your ship's communicator lights with an official announcement from the Republic:`
			``
			`	"Hello, Captain <last>," the message begins, "as of now, the Republic Navy is seeking captains skilled in combat to serve in the Navy. However, to discourage people hoping for handouts, applicants need to prove that they want to serve in the Navy. Recently, we've been having issues with a pirate vessel called the <npc> - our intel reports that it was spotted skulking around the <system> system. Destroy the <npc>, and return to <destination> to be formally accepted into the Navy."`
			choice
				`	I'll take on that ship.`
					goto jobAccept
				`	Sorry, but I have no desire to join the Navy at this time.`
					defer
			label jobAccept

> 			`	"We look forward to seeing you on <destination> once the mission is over," the message reads. "Good luck!"`

Reviewer: You may want to consider the usage of "Good Hunting." It has some significance in the US military and would likely fit this much better.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, but would a galactic republic remember or care about the military traditions of a 1000 year old country?

Author: This review comment is on the dump file, i.e. the file where everything in it is being reworked and replaced...

					accept

	on accept
		log "Accepted an enlistment offer from the Republic Navy."
	
	npc kill
		personality heroic staying nemesis target
		government "Bounty"
		system "Castor"
		ship "Raven" "Blackfury"
				
	on complete
		"reputation: Republic" += 10
		"salary: Navy" = 500
		set "chosen sides"
		set "joined the Navy"
		set "license: Navy"
#		event "naval employment earned"
		event "Navy Painted"
		log "Was able to destroy the pirate ship and prove my worth to the Navy. The Navy has inducted me as an Ensign and given me a small salary."
		conversation
			`As you cycle the hatch to exit the ship, you are greeted by two Navy personnel flanking the entryway, armed with rifles. Between them, a Navy officer stands with his arms folded in front of him.`
			``
			`	"I assume you are <first> <last>?" he asks. You nod, saluting with your right hand. "Yes sir. And you are...?"`
			`	"Colonel Marcus Howell," he replies. "Well met, Captain <last> - or rather, Ensign <last>."`
			`	You nod, still saluting. "Thank you, sir. I hope to be of great service to the Republic."`

> 			`	"I have a feeling you'll be just the pilot we need, <last>," he states while making a slight bounce on the tips of his feet, smiling. "The speed and skill with which your ship, the <ship>, destroyed that Raven, in addition to your past endeavors, proves you are both serious about joining the Navy... and it's ready for battle."`

Reviewer: "proves you are both serious about joining the Navy... and it's ready for battle."
You're both serious and... what, exactly? You're talking about first last and suddenly, that derailed.

			``

> 			`Howell's expression hardens as his gaze turns left and skyward. "With rumblings of war starting in the South, and pirates massing in the North, the Navy is going to be stretched thin." His gaze returns to you. "As of today, you haved been approved for Navy Tier I Enlistment status. As part of being inducted as a Navy Ensign, you'll receive a daily stipend of 500 credits per day. At ease."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"With the rumblings of war growing in the South, and the massing of pirates in the North,
```

			``

> 			`	You let your hand drop to your side as you nod firmly. "What are my orders, Colonel?"`

Reviewer: Perhaps "Sir" here?

Reviewer: Since naming someone's rank without their name seems to be more common when a superior is talking to a subordinate.

			`	"Your first assignment," he begins, taking a uniform handed to him by the trooper to his left (your right), "will be to rendezvous with Admiral William Danforth - he's been tasked to deal with the pirates that are starting to gather up North."`

> 			`He hands you the uniform - it's the familiar blue Navy jumpsuit, speckled with orange and gold highlights here and there. Your hands are trembling slightly as you take the uniform from his hands - *this is really happening,* you think to yourself.`

Reviewer: Maybe emphasise whatever the rank insignia looks like?

			`Danforth clears his throat before he continues. "While you are stationed here with us, you will be paid for each Navy ship that you assist in Northern Pirate Territory, which includes the following systems:`
			``
			`	Mintaka...`
			`	Gorvi...`
			`	Tortor...`
			`	Almaaz...`
			`	Unagi...`
			`	Arneb...`
			`	Alnilam...`
			`	...and Hatysa."`
			``
			`Several of the enlisted present quietly chatter amongst themselves in various tones. "I cannot emphasize this enough, ladies and gentlemen," Danforth warns. "With all the ships we lost in the nuclear attack, we simply cannot afford to lose more ships. Each of you will report to the base on <destination> for your first assignment. Any questions?"`
			``
			`	A long, awkward silence falls over the room. Danforth gazes over the group a few times before a small smile is visible on his face.`
			``
			`"Good. You have your orders, men - dismissed!"`
				accept
	on accept

> 		log "Have reported to Admiral Danforth for patrol duty against pirates."

Reviewer: Drop the Have.
